README.md, before:

# Project Name

TODO: Write a project description

## Project Details

See [TESTSTATUS file](./TESTSTATUS.md) for latest testing information.

#### Built Using:
Aras 11.0 SPx

#### Versions Tested:
Aras 11.0 SPx, Aras 11.0 SPx (open release)

#### Browsers Tested:
Internet Explorer 11, Firefox 38 ESR, Chrome

> Though built and tested using Aras 11.0 SP7, this project should function in older releases of Aras 11.0 and Aras 10.0.

## How It Works

TODO: Describe how it works

## Installation

#### Important!
**Always back up your code tree and database before applying an import package or code tree patch!**

### Pre-requisites

1. Aras Innovator installed (version 11.0 SPx preferred)
2. Aras Package Import tool
3. .......

### Install Steps

TODO: Describe the installation process

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

For more information on contributing to this project, another Aras Labs project, or any Aras Community project, shoot us an email at araslabs@aras.com.

## Credits

TODO: Write credits if others contributed to the project

## License

Aras Labs projects are published to Github under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE.md) for license rights and limitations.

Commit message:

Update readme with project details

README.md, after:

# High Tech NPI Project Template

A Multiple Phase Project Template for High Tech New Product Introduction (NPI).

#### Built Using:
Aras 11.0 SP7

#### Versions Tested:
Aras 11.0 SP7, Aras 11.0 SP5 (open release)

> Though built and tested using Aras 11.0 SP7, this project should function in older releases of Aras 11.0 and Aras 10.0.

## Installation

#### Important!
**Always back up your code tree and database before applying an import package or code tree patch!**

### Pre-requisites

1. Aras Innovator installed (version 11.0 SPx preferred)
2. [npdi-template.xml file](./Data/npdi-template.xml)

### Install Steps

1. Open up Nash.aspx or AML Studio.
2. Login using your Aras instance credentials.
3. Copy the contents of `npdi-template.xml` into Nash or AML Studio.
4. Click **Submit**.

You are now ready to review and use the High Tech NPI Project Template.

## Usage

1. Log in to Aras as admin.
2. Navigate to **Templates > Project Templates** in the table of contents (TOC).
3. Open the High Tech NPI Template for review.

Note: To create projects from the High Tech NPI template, you will need to promote the Project Template item to "Active". Otherwise, the template will not appear as an option in the template dropdown list on the New Project form.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

For more information on contributing to this project, another Aras Labs project, or any Aras Community project, shoot us an email at araslabs@aras.com.

## Credits

Original code written by Peter Schroer for Aras Corporation.

Documented and published by Eli Donahue for Aras Labs. @EliJDonahue

## License

Aras Labs projects are published to Github under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE.md) for license rights and limitations.
